Release | Release notes for v2.1.2 (#945)
dotnet/SqlClient: release-notes/2.1/2.1.2.md

# Release Notes

## Microsoft.Data.SqlClient 2.1.2 released 3 March 2021

This update brings the below changes over the previous stable release:

### Fixed

> - Fixed issue connecting with instance name from Unix environment [#874](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/874)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue connecting with instance name from a Linux/macOS environment [#874](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/874)
```

> - Fixed wrong data issues by reworking timeout timer to ensure it's guaranteed execution [#929](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/929)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed wrong results issues by changing the timeout timer to ensure a correct execution state [#929](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/929)
```

> - Fixed vulnerability by prohibiting `DtdProcessing` on `XmlTextReader` instance in .NET Core [#885](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/885)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a vulnerability by prohibiting `DtdProcessing` on `XmlTextReader` instances in .NET Core [#885](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/885)
```

> - Fixed Kerberos authentication when SPN did not contain port [#935](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/935)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Kerberos authentication when an SPN does not contain the port [#935](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/935)
```

- Fixed missing error messages in Managed SNI [#883](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/883)
- Fixed missing `System.Runtime.Caching` dependency for .NET Standard assemblies [#878](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/878)
- Fixed event source tracing issues [#941](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/941)

### Changes

> - Enabled Read Async blocking for all supported .NET Framework versions by default [#928](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/928)

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

> 
> ### Changes
> - Enabled Read Async blocking for all supported .NET Framework versions by default [#928](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/928)

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed MARS header contains errors issue against .NET Framework 4.8.1 [#928](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/928)

```
